hey guys it's Miss Erica and I just
wanted to do a quick little update for
you guys and let you know why I've been
missing forever in a day and as you guys
know I was trying to get some more
makeup back i had a little bit my
collection there and i've been ordering
stuff like crazy and waiting on its come
in the mail so that's a big reason but
um I actually recorded three or four
videos there and couldn't get them to
edit I was having trouble with windows
movie maker wouldn't let me eat it so
I'm actually gonna be editing on a
different computer now that one it just
will not work for me for some reason and
so if you're seeing this video and it's
actually working then that means that I
got it working so I just wish me luck
here um after this video I'm going to be
uploading a few haul videos just to show
you guys everything that I've gotten in
and that way you guys know what I have
and what I can do tutorials with and I'm
really excited because I've got a mac
pro hole and a regular mac hall and that
is crazy for me because I've never
ordered for mac so I'm really excited to
show you guys the stuff that i got and
I've got an everyday minerals hall and
I've actually switched back to mineral
makeup i'm not using liquid anymore i
was having some problems with breakouts
and things like that so I thought it
would be best to just go back to what I
know is good for my skin so I'm actually
really happy about that I found a really
good match I don't know if you guys can
tell but it's matching really good so
I'm super excited and then that's just
great I've also got a JC's girl hall and
a few other little random stuff that I
picked up so after this video I'm just
gonna be uploading those so but I just
want to you guys I missed you I miss
getting comments and talking you guys
and I'm really sorry if you've written
me and I haven't written back and I also
got a cold this past week and i'm
actually on amoxicillin antibiotics
three times today right now so if i seem
like i have a little bit less energy
then that would be why I'm trying to you
know get back into the swing of things
I've been out of it for a while here but
it's kind of hard so just bear with me
and my voice sounds a little funny just
ignore it it should be going back to
normal
sing but um that's really just all one
tell you guys so I'm just gonna get this
video up to let you know I'm okay and
i'll be editing and my whole videos
after this i'm putting those up right
after so and i just want a yeah i love
you guys and don't worry i haven't run
away I'm still here I'm just um I guess
I just had a little setback but I'm fine
and everything's going ok so that's
really all I want a you guys and I will
talk to you soon so god bless you bye